PEM - 9.2 Release branch (#4114)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/9/pem_rel_notes/920_rel_notes.mdx

| Bug fix     | Resolved the error `Login Group/Roles 500 error: UNION types char and text cannot be matched`. This error was displaying while trying to open the dependents tab for any role with PotgreSQL or Advanced Server 15 as the backend server. |
| Bug fix     | Provided helpful message to the user instead of default Python error if a token is invalid. [Support ticket: #89276] |
| Bug fix     | Fixed extension name warning while creating a probe. Even after providing a valid extension name. |
| Bug fix     | Fixed the error in the `--config-file` switch while trying to register the Barman server in PEM using the command line interface. |
| Bug fix     | Fixed documentation of replacing PEM self-signed SSL certificates with trusted third-party CA certificates. |
| Bug fix     | Fixed the missing favicon icon for help docs and API link. |
| Bug fix     | Fixed the warning message while deleting a folder in the `Manage Template` section of `Capacity Manager`. |
| Bug fix     | Fixed the tunning wizard report where the number of servers selected didn't match the servers displayed in the `GoTo` dropdown list. |

> | Bug fix     | Fixed the default time as `Now` at the end of the sample set in the performance diagnostics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enhancement     | The default sample end time for performance diagnostics is now `Now` rather than the time the window was first opened, meaning the data will update upon clicking 'Run'.
```
